NEW LOCATION

Here you can enter a new location into the system
Our new location will be Trpanj on the Pelješac peninsula.
For the location we need to prepare latitude and longitude and altitude
We choose a country, it is Croatia. Type the first three letters CRO and select Croatia.
We enter the name of the location, it is Trpanj.
The SEO name is self-loading.
We select the location type, for Trpanj the City type is selected.
We enter the name of the town in which the location is located or in whose surroundings, it is also Trpanj.
We enter the address if the location has one, now we skip it.
This location is not on an island, it is accessible without ferry transportation from the mainland.
We enter or copy previously prepared geographic data.
The location is marked as active and remains so.
This location is not a terminal and remains so.
We have entered all the data and now we are going to record the location.
Now we check if the location was recorded successfully.
If so, our job is done.

NEW ROUTE

Here you can enter a new route into the system
We will introduce a new route from Split airport to Trpanj
For the route, we need to prepare the distance in kilometers and the standard travel time
In the field named from We select the starting location. Enter the first three letters SPL and select Split airport.
We do the same in the field called TO. Type the first three letters TRP and select Trpanj.
We should mark the Approved field with YES. The route is now available
This route is not top route. We skip this field.
Now we choose the terminal for our route. The selection field is filled with locations that are marked as terminals and that are located in the zone of our route.
We choose Split airport.
Then we entered the distance in kilometers and the duration of the trip in minutes.
Now we check the entered data and confirm it with the Save button
We check if the route was entered successfully and if so, the job is done.

NEW USER

Here you can enter a new user into the system.
The user is marked as No active we will mark as Active.
Our new user is our partner, a transport company, and we will select the DRIVER level.
The selected language remains English.
Now we enter the username and password for the user who will be able to log in to their profile on the system.
In the REAL NAME field, we enter the name of the user by which he will be displayed in the system.
Next, we enter the partner's company and brand names.
Then we enter the name of the partner's company, brand and contact person.
The next part is where we will enter the requested contact information of the partner, address, city, ZIP code, country, e-mail. We also enter phone numbers.
We enter the message that will be written on the partner's profile.
In the next 5 fields, we enter the data required for financial transactions.
If it exists, we enter the web address.
In the partner description field, we store important information about the partner.
A note is a reminder for some action that we still need to do.
Now we check the entered data and confirm it with the Save button.
The tab with the newly entered partner is displayed. We enter it, we check the data.
If we have a partner's logo, we change it to the required format and record it.
We have finished entering partners and can do additional settings later.